[O11y][PHP-FPM] Update README to use documentation guidelines (#9069)
elastic/integrations: packages/php_fpm/_dev/build/docs/README.md

## Data streams

The PHP-FPM integration collects metrics data.

Metrics give you insight into the statistics of the PHP-FPM. Metrics data streams collected by the PHP-FPM integration include [pool](https://www.php.net/manual/en/fpm.status.php#:~:text=Basic%20information%20%2D%20Always%20displayed%20on%20the%20status%20page) and [process](https://www.php.net/manual/en/fpm.status.php#:~:text=Per%2Dprocess%20information%20%2D%20only%20displayed%20in%20full%20output%20mode) so that the user can monitor and troubleshoot the performance of the PHP-FPM instances.

Data streams:
- `pool`: Collects information related to the connection handling, queue metrics, process manager configuration, process activity and performance indicators.
- `process`: Collects information related to the request metrics, the latest CPU and memory usage and the current running state.

Note:
- Users can monitor and see the metrics inside the ingested documents for PHP-FPM in the `logs-*` index pattern from `Discover`.

## Compatibility

This integration has been tested against `v8.2` and `v8.1` standalone versions of PHP-FPM.

## Prerequisites

> You need Elasticsearch for storing and searching your data and Kibana for visualizing and managing it. You can use our hosted Elasticsearch Service on Elastic Cloud, which is recommended or self-manage the Elastic Stack on your own hardware.

Reviewer: This section duplicates the "Requirements" section that follows. You can remove it.

Status path configuration format: `/path`

Example Status path configuration: `/status`

## Setup

For step-by-step instructions on how to set up an integration, see the [Getting Started](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/welcome-to-elastic/current/getting-started-observability.html) guide.

## Validation

After the integration is successfully configured, click on the *Assets* tab of the PHP-FPM Integration to display the available dashboards. Select the dashboard for your configured data stream, which should be populated with the required data.

> ### Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting
```
Based on the documentation guidelines, the Troubleshooting section should be Level 2

Status path configuration format: `/path`

Example Status path configuration: `/status`

## Setup

For step-by-step instructions on how to set up an integration, see the [Getting Started](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/welcome-to-elastic/current/getting-started-observability.html) guide.

## Validation

> After the integration is successfully configured, clicking on the Assets tab of the PHP-FPM Integration should display a list of available dashboards. Click on the dashboard available for your configured data stream. It should be populated with the required data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the integration is successfully configured, click on the *Assets* tab of the PHP-FPM Integration to display the available dashboards. Select the dashboard for your configured data stream, which should be populated with the required data.
```

### Process

> This is the `process` data stream. `process` data stream collects metrics related to the request duration, content length, process state, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `process` data stream collects metrics related to the request duration, content length, process state, etc.

```
